Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own.
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
Even youngish men can acquire wisdom as time goes by.
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
I’m selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can’t handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don’t deserve me at my best.
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
I love my past. I love my present. I’m not ashamed of what I’ve had, and I’m not sad because I have it no longer.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one’s own in the midst of abundance.
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he’s got.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities.
The way a woman carries herself and the way she dresses ought to promote the following types of words: modesty, discretion, wisdom, beauty, elegance and refinement, but not sensuality, luxury, extravagance.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge.
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance.
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities - interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm.
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
Reality does not conform to the ideal but confirms it.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Wise men make more opportunities than they find.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
Technology is nothing. What’s important is that you have a faith in people, that they’re basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they’ll do wonderful things with them.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
Skill to do comes of doing.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
Quality is not an act; it is a habit.
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.
No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
The cautious seldom err.
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
Joy is the best makeup.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
If you have one true friend, you have more than your share.
Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I’m learning how to sail my ship.
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
Never, never, never give up.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex.
He who hath many friends hath none.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size?
For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship.
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy.
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
The years teach much which the days never know.
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
Knowledge has three degrees: opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else’s.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
Technology… the knack of so arranging the world that we don’t have to experience it.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
Technology… the knack of so arranging the world that we don’t have to experience it.
He is able who thinks he is able.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it.
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life.
It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures.
The cautious seldom err.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
There are people who have money and people who are rich.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature’s delight.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Never mistake motion for action.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
He who hath many friends hath none.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
He is able who thinks he is able.
It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.
Yesterday’s home runs don't win today's games.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
A short saying often contains much wisdom.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree.
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship.
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
He who angers you conquers you.
We gain the strength of the temptation we resist.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
True friends stab you in the front.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Commitment is an act, not a word.
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
Wisdom begins at the end.
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
You win the victory when you yield to friends.
When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
I'll prepare and someday my chance will come.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature’s delight.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
He who is contented is rich.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
Never find fault with the absent.
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree.
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
The universe is made of stories, not atoms.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
Wisdom is found only in truth.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
Error is discipline through which we advance.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature’s way.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else’s.
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.
This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.
Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
You only lose what you cling to.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
You cannot have what you do not want.
You win the victory when you yield to friends.
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
I think somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
I'll prepare and someday my chance will come.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
Democracy's premise rests on the notion that the collective wisdom of the majority will prove right more often than it's wrong; that given sufficient opportunity in the pursuit of happiness, your population will develop its talents, its intellect, its better judgment; that over time its capacity for discernment and self-correction will be enlarged.
Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
Study the past, if you would divine the future.
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
All serious daring starts from within.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
Never find fault with the absent.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
He who is contented is rich.
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
Almost everything comes from nothing.
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool.
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
Fear grows in darkness; if you think there’s a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more that pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
You give before you get.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind.
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who don't, and the courage to stop those who won't.
Skill to do comes of doing.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world’s problems.
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community.
Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family.
Be the chief but never the lord.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
I am not the first Buddha who came upon Earth, nor shall I be the last. In due time, another Buddha will arise in the world - a Holy One, a supremely enlightened One, endowed with wisdom in conduct, auspicious, knowing the universe, an incomparable leader of men, a master of angels and mortals.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
There is nothing permanent except change.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.
All things change; nothing perishes.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
You cannot have what you do not want.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction.
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
Meditation brings wisdom, lack of meditation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
Fortune favors the brave.
Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship?
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
In romance, we feel the need to zoom in and expound on our partner's foibles in intimate detail; in friendship, we tend to do the opposite, avoiding confrontation through fear, lethargy or both.
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
I allow my intuition to lead my path.
Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
You only lose what you cling to.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
Error is discipline through which we advance.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
No garden is without its weeds.
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind.
The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
What we think, we become.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude.
Technology… is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.
Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
The best way out is always through.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven.
We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it.
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
We are all something, but none of us are everything.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
You always succeed in producing a result.
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.
Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
Honesty is the best policy.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm.
Where there is love there is life.
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
Not all those who wander are lost.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept responsibility for changing them.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
Skill to do comes of doing.
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity.
Almost everything comes from nothing.
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom.
So much technology, so little talent.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
We are wiser than we know.
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
If you wish to be a writer, write.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
We are wiser than we know.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
You can do it if you believe you can!
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature’s delight.
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
Technology is a word that describes something that doesn’t work yet.
Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.
I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
If you wish to be a writer, write.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary.
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.
You have to believe in yourself.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
The way a woman carries herself and the way she dresses ought to promote the following types of words: modesty, discretion, wisdom, beauty, elegance and refinement, but not sensuality, luxury, extravagance.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
All things change; nothing perishes.
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
We are wiser than we know.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.
Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control.
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
That’s the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
To fly, we have to have resistance.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Peace begins with a smile.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him.
Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah.
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
Quality is not an act; it is a habit.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
Never mistake motion for action.
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.
Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
At the center of your being, you have the answer; you know who you are, and you know what you want.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person’s character lies in their own hands.
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings.
The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public.
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
In order to win, you must expect to win.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy.
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
The human spirit must prevail over technology.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
If a man does his best, what else is there?
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
Error is discipline through which we advance.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
A friend is a gift you give yourself.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated.
Your friend is your needs answered.
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
If we are not given the chance to forget, we are also not given the chance to recover our memories, to alter them with time, perspective, and wisdom. Forgetting, we can be ourselves beyond what the past has told us we are; we can evolve. That is the possibility we want from the future.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship.
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
A youth, when at home, should be filial and, abroad, respectful to his elders. He should be earnest and truthful. He should overflow in love to all and cultivate the friendship of the good. When he has time and opportunity, after the performance of these things, he should employ them in polite studies.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.
Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
Do more than dream: work.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance.
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind.
I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise.
Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Ignorance never settles a question.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer and practice it.
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
Action is eloquence.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we’ve realized it’s a brochure.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences.
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.
I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
It’s supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button.
Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
Technology frightens me to death. It’s designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
Wise men make more opportunities than they find.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who don't, and the courage to stop those who won't.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible.
The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life.
Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation.
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy.
Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.
We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.
Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you’ve always gotten.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
Friendship is Love without his wings!
Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Quality is not an act; it is a habit.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress.
From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature’s delight.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life.
We are wiser than we know.
All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream.
The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship?
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
Never, never, never give up.
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
I'll prepare and someday my chance will come.
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button.
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Love and friendship exclude each other.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
With pride, there are many curses. With humility, there come many blessings.
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Well done is better than well said.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
A jug fills drop by drop.
Technology presumes there’s just one right way to do things and there never is.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own.
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Who sows virtue reaps honor.
What we think, we become.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
Never promise more than you can perform.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
With the realization of one’s own potential and self-confidence in one’s ability, one can build a better world.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Learning is finding out what you already know.
We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness.
No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
If we are not given the chance to forget, we are also not given the chance to recover our memories, to alter them with time, perspective, and wisdom. Forgetting, we can be ourselves beyond what the past has told us we are; we can evolve. That is the possibility we want from the future.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
Knowledge has three degrees: opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
Action is eloquence.
Technology is anything that wasn’t around when you were born.
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
All I required to be happy was friendship and people I could admire.
Self-trust is the first secret of success.
If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there’s only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Leave no stone unturned.
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature’s way.
The fall of dropping water wears away the Stone.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future.
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Fortune favors the brave.
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
You can't choose up sides on a round world.
If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind.
The best way out is always through.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
He who hath many friends hath none.
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
Almost everything comes from nothing.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Never promise more than you can perform.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Make it your habit not to be critical about small things.
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
Much wisdom often goes with fewest words.
You cannot have what you do not want.
Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature’s way.
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
My friends are my estate.
The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life.
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom.
Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
Practice yourself, for heaven’s sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
Honesty is the best policy.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
Our intention creates our reality.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
With pride, there are many curses. With humility, there come many blessings.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you’ve always gotten.
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
Truth is powerful and it prevails.
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
It is impossible to love and to be wise.
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you’re not part of the steamroller, you’re part of the road.
The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
I’m selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can’t handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don’t deserve me at my best.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger.
Technology is anything that wasn’t around when you were born.
Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
True friends stab you in the front.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland.
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once.
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.
I took a speed-reading course and read 'War and Peace' in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
